if you're looking for coins for under
three pounds per 100 k then go check out
go fifa coins calm and use my discount
go guna to get yourself five percent off
what's up guys goodness here bringing a
nother international man of the match
upgrade card review and today it is the
turn of Luis Suarez yes Uruguayan
striker there's a quick look at the team
that played him in and all south
american squad featured other place
you've had upgraded cards as well so
guys if this video can get to 150 likes
that be absolutely amazing and also make
sure you follow me on twitter there will
be an international man of the match
giveaway for you to get involved in so
follow now so he's five foot eleven high
attacking work rate medium defense work
with right footed four star weekend
skill moves i paid a lot of games even
before and after his upgrade 36 goals 10
assists as well which is not bad at all
so what is international man of the
match card like work there you go you
know it's a pretty decent card they've
not changed anything because he was
always in the striking position but it's
not bad years got a team of the season
though and it's not quite as good as
that so his pace has gone up by for his
dribbling by five is passing by eight is
defended by five and his cheating his
heading in the biggest increases going
up by 11 points overall and let's
reflect it in how outstanding these in
games that are I mean look at those
three things in 99 curve dribbling and
finishing absolutely outstanding there's
so much dark green on there night and
I've been at least 97 shot 597 long
shots 96 volleys this card is just
amazing that's all I can say ways 178
pounds can play as a striker or as a
centre-forward look at this though it's
physical attributes that also amazing on
87 strength is outstanding 99 reactions
93 acceleration as well and the sprints
me to 83 you know what this is just a
beast card that's what I can say it's
what my expectations well you know what
he is now the joint second highest rated
player on this fifa ultimate team well
cut mode along with christian over an
outlet so you know what this card is
serious dis serious deal and it doesn't
disappoint this guy's absolutely amazing
he can play as a striker or as a
centre-forward or even you can drop him
back to cameras or is that talented
enough to do a job boy in all three but
of course i thought i'd try them up top
just to see how good he is there and his
car before handles really good anyway i
was a big fan of it and this is notable
you noticed that pace first of all pace
up greatest decent he feels quite a lot
little bit quicker as you saw there you
know his accelerations amazing and it's
only a sprint speed that lets him down a
little bit not
as quick but I'm sure this won't be the
only one he's got seen I'm sure he'll
get some more man-of-the-match Azure
sure would be outstanding so there's
potential future upgrades coming looked
at how good he was yesterday and he's
finishing is absolutely amazing he saw
all the dark greens on there and it
doesn't you feel that in game you know
if he gets it on his right foot he will
finish it even on his left even though
it's forced away for he's still
fantastic on there and he can travel
with the ball so well and that strength
is so noticeable as well it's a real big
deal yeah the ATM stramp helps him with
his agility and balance just hold those
players off equal knows not the tallest
and doesn't weigh the most you can
definitely notice that you can pass does
it all is just noticeable for start with
and skill moves as well just means this
guy is amazing the only criticism I have
about it is that you knows got that
meeting defense where is sometimes you
are waiting for him to like you know to
start the attack or doesn't make the run
as quickly as you want him to but that
is just a small minor niggle for such an
amazing player and I definitely
recommend you open bets if you don't
have him now in your squat so there you
go what do I think about am over always
noticeable pace upgrade the finishing is
absolutely amazing almost perfect
finishing that strength is fantastic
really noticeable as well hold of
players for days let's trim new
dribbling movement for start weak foot
four star skills as well and it's a
complete all-round striker they haven't
got to think about that medium defense
what rate if a few of you out there like
your perfect high-low were crates unit
feet strikers but overall give them nine
point seven five out of ten if he gets a
future when they match got unsure get
the perfect 10 it's so close to
perfection as is enemy right now and
that's the review guys I hope you
enjoyed it if you did leave a like below
comment subscribe and as always thanks
for watching